Licensing: update topic for new license mechanism (#8772)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/Common/Licensing/13 Deployment and Continuous Integration (CI).md

To add DevExtreme license verification to your CI/CD processes, run the `devextreme-license` CLI tool in a pre-build step. The tool reads your DevExpress license key from an environment variable and generates a DevExtreme-compatible runtime key file.

For full instructions, including an example for GitHub Actions and Secrets, refer to the following article:

[License Key for DevExpress Products — CI/CD Systems](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/405494/trial-register/set-up-your-dev-express-license-key#option-3-cicd-systems)

> [note] If your organization owns multiple DevExtreme licenses, you can use any valid license key issued to you or your employees for CI/CD processes. If you prefer not to tie your build servers to a specific employee key, you can purchase a dedicated license for CI, but a dedicated key is not necessary if you have purchased a license for each developer using DevExtreme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[note] If your organization owns multiple DevExtreme licenses, you can use any valid license key issued to you or your employees in CI/CD processes. If you prefer not to associate build servers with a specific employee key, you can purchase a dedicated CI license. However, a dedicated key is not required if you have purchased a license for each developer who uses DevExtreme.
```
